Update simulation text for section 06 (#234)
Benjamin-Lee/deep-rules: content/06.know-your-problem.md

It is important to note that molecular or imaging datasets often require appropriate clinical or demographic data to support robust analyses; this must always be balanced with the need to protect patient privacy (see [Tip 10](#privacy)).
Looking at these annotations can also clarify the study design (for example, by seeing if all the individuals are adolescents or women) or at least help the analyst employing deep learning to know what questions to ask.

> Data simulation is a powerful approach for understanding your data and how it behaves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data simulation is a powerful approach to develop an understanding of how data and analytical methods interact.
```

In data simulation, a model is used to learn the true distribution of a training set for the purpose of creating new data points.

> Simulations should be performed under reasonable assumptions since the goal would be to identify useful model architectures and hyperparameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Often, researchers may perform simulations under some assumptions about the data generating process to identify useful model architectures and hyperparameters.
```

Simulated datasets can be used to verify the correctness of a model’s implementation.

> To accurately test the performance of the model, it is important that simulated datasets be generated for a range of parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To accurately test the performance of the model, it is important that simulated datasets be generated for a range of plausible parameters.
```

For example, varying the parameters to violate the model's assumptions can test the sensitivity of the model's performance.

> Parameter tuning your simulation model can help you to understand the important features that drive the structure in your dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parameter tuning the simulation can help researchers identify the key features that drive method performance.
```

> Given a simulation model, we can simulate how noise models affect the underlying signal in your dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In other cases, neural networks can be used to simulate data to better understand how to structure analyses.
```

> For example some generative neural network models allow you to simulate gene expression data and test the effect of varying number of noise sources on the ability to detect the underlying biological signal in the data [@doi:10.1101/2020.05.03.066597].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, it is possible to study how analytical strategies cope with varying number of noise sources by using neural networks to simulate genome-wide data [@doi:10.1101/2020.05.03.066597].
```

> Additionally, these generative models can simulate new hypothetical experiments that can be used to answer questions where the data is not available. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simulating data from assumptions about the data generating distribution can help to debug or characterize deep learning models, and deep learning models can also simulate data in cases where it is hard to make reasonable assumptions from first principles.
```
